---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "coxedge_compute_storages Data Source - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Retrieve a list of all storages in a given environment.
  
---

# coxedge_compute_storages (Data Source)

Retrieve a list of all storages in a given environment.

Example Usage
---

```
data "coxedge_compute_storages" "storage" {
  organization_id  = "<organization_id>"
  environment_name = "<environment name>"
  storage_id      = "<storage_id>"
}

output "output_storage" {
  value = data.coxedge_compute_storages.storage
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.

### Optional

- `storage_id` (String) - The id of the storage to retrieve

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) - The ID of this resource.
- `storages` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storages)) - The storages of the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--storages"></a>

### Nested Schema for `storages`

### Read-Only:

- `id` (String) - The unique ID of the workload.
- `environment_name` (String) - The name of the environment.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `date_created` (String) - The date this Block Storage was created.
- `cost` (Integer) - The monthly cost of this Block Storage.
- `status` (String) - The current status of this Block Storage.
- `size_gb` (Integer) - Size of the Block Storage in GB.
- `region` (String) - The Region id where the Block Storage is located.
- `attached_to_instance` (String) - The workload id with this Block Storage attached.
- `label` (String) - The user-supplied label.
- `mount_id` (Integer) - An ID associated with the instance, when mounted the ID can be found in /dev/disk/by-id
  prefixed with virtio.
- `description` (String) - Storage description
- `type` (String) - Type of storage
- `location` (Integer) - Name of region id
- `attached_to` (String) - attached_to
- `manage_label` (String) - label
- `price` (String) - Price of storage

