---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "coxedge_compute_firewall_ipv4_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Retrieve a list of all IPv4 from firewall in a given environment.
  
---

# coxedge_compute_firewall_ipv4_rule (Data Source)

Retrieve a list of all IPv4 from firewall in a given environment.

Example Usage
---

```
data "coxedge_compute_firewall_ipv4_rule" "ipv4" {
  organization_id  = "<organization_id>"
  environment_name = "<environment name>"
  firewall_id      = "<firewall_id>"
}

output "output_ipv4" {
  value = data.coxedge_compute_firewall_ipv4_rule.ipv4
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `firewall_id` (String) - The id of the firewall group.

### Optional

- `ip_rule_id` (String) - The id of the firewall to retrieve

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) - The ID of this resource.
- `ip_rules` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_rules)) - The IPv4 rules of the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--ip_rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `ip_rules`

### Read-Only:

- `id` (String) - The unique ID of the firewall.
- `environment_name` (String) - The name of the environment.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `type` (String) - The type of IP rule.
- `ip_type` (String) - The type of IP rule.
- `action` (String) - Action to take when this rule is met.
- `protocol` (String) - The protocol for this rule.
- `port` (String) - Port or port range for this rule.
- `subnet` (String) - IP address representing a subnet. The IP address format must match with the "ip_type" parameter
  value.
- `subnet_size` (String) - The number of bits for the netmask in CIDR notation.
- `source` (String) - If the source string is given a value of "cloudflare" subnet and subnet_size will both be ignored.
- `notes` (String) - User-supplied notes for this rule.

