---

# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

page_title: "coxedge_compute_firewall_linked_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Retrieve a list of all Linked instances from firewall in a given environment.
  
---

# coxedge_compute_firewall_linked_instances (Data Source)

Retrieve a list of all linked instances from firewall in a given environment.

Example Usage
---

```
data "coxedge_compute_firewall_linked_instances" "linked_instances" {
  organization_id  = "<organization_id>"
  environment_name = "<environment name>"
  firewall_id        = "<firewall_id>"
}

output "output_storage" {
  value = data.coxedge_compute_firewall_linked_instances.linked_instances
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `firewall_id` (String) - The id of the firewall group.

### Optional

- `linked_instance_id` (String) - The id of the linked instance to retrieve

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) - The ID of this resource.
- `linked_instances` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--linked_instances)) - The linked instances of the environment.

<a id="nestedatt--linked_instances"></a>

### Nested Schema for `linked_instances`

### Read-Only:

- `id` (String) - The unique ID of the firewall.
- `environment_name` (String) - The name of the environment.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `hostname` (String) - The hostname of workload.
- `label` (String) - User given custom name.
- `status` (String) - The status of workload.
- `os` (String) - Operating system of workload.
- `ram` (String) - The RAM size of workload.
- `date_created` (String) - Created date of workload
- `region` (String) - Where the workload is located.
- `disk` (Integer) - The size of the disk in GB.
- `main_ip` (String) - The main IPv4 address.
- `vcpu_count` (String) - Number of vCPUs.
- `plan` (String) - A unique ID for the Plan.
- `allowed_bandwidth` (Integer) - Monthly bandwidth quota in GB.
- `netmask_v4` (String) - The IPv4 netmask in dot-decimal notation.
- `gateway_v4` (String) - The gateway IP address.
- `power_status` (String) - The power-on status.
- `server_status` (String) - The server health status.
- `v6_network` (String) - The IPv6 subnet.
- `v6_main_ip` (String) - The main IPv6 network address.
- `v6_network_size` (String) - The IPv6 network size in bits.
- `internal_ip` (String) - The internal IP used by this workload, if set. Only relevant when a VPC is attached.
- `kvm` (String) - HTTPS link to the Vultr noVNC Web Console.
- `os_id` (Integer) - The Operating System id used by this workload.
- `app_id` (Integer) - The Application id used by this workload.
- `image_id` (String) - The Application image_id used by this workload.
- `firewall_group_id` (String) - The Firewall Group id linked to this workload.
- `features` (List of String) - "auto_backups", "ipv6", "ddos_protection"
- `tags` (List of String) - Tags to apply to the workload.

