---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coxedge_environments Data Source - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Environments allow you to manage resources of a specific service and to manage your users' access to them. With environment roles, you have tight control of what a user is allowed to do in your environment. A general use case of environments is to split your resources into different deployment environments (e.g. dev, staging and production). The advantage is that resources of different deployments are isolated from each other and you can restrict user access to your most critical resources.
  
---

# coxedge_environments (Data Source)
Environments allow you to manage resources of a specific service and to manage your users' access to them. With environment roles, you have tight control of what a user is allowed to do in your environment. A general use case of environments is to split your resources into different deployment environments (e.g. dev, staging and production). The advantage is that resources of different deployments are isolated from each other and you can restrict user access to your most critical resources.

Example Usage
---
```
data "coxedge_organizations" "orgs" {
  name = "env-name"
  id   = "organization-id"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `environments` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments)) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `creation_date` (String) - The date in ISO 8601 that the environment was created.
- `description` (String) - The description of the environment.
- `id` (String) -  The ID of this resource.
- `membership` (String) - Type of membership of the environment. (e.g. ALL_ORG_USERS, MANY_USERS)
- `name` (String) - The name of the environment.
- `organization_id` (String) - The organization of the environment.
- `roles` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--environments--roles)) - The roles of the environment with all the users assigned to them.
  includes: id, name, isDefault, users.id, users.name
- `service_connection_id` (String) - The service connection of the environment.

<a id="nestedobjatt--environments--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.roles`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) - The name of the environment.
- `users` (List of String) - The users that are members of the environment.


