---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coxedge_origin_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Origin settings for a site in a given environment.
  
---

# coxedge_origin_settings (Data Source)
Origin settings for a site in a given environment.




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `origin_settings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_settings)) - origin settings for a site in a given environment.

<a id="nestedatt--origin_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_settings`

Read-Only:

- `backup_origin` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--origin_settings--backup_origin)) - The secondary origin that the CDN uses to pull content from when the primary origin is not available.
- `backup_origin_enabled` (String) - Specifies if a backup origin for the site is configured.
- `backup_origin_exclude_codes` (List of String) - Requests are made to the backup origin on any 4xx or 5xx response codes returned from the primary origin. This property specifies the response status codes for which calls to the backup origin must not be made. Multiple response codes can be excluded. e.g: ["410", "411", "412"]. Asterisks can be used to cover a range of codes. e.g. All the 4xx codes can be covered using "4*".
- `domain` (String) - The site's domain name.
- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the resource.
- `host_header` (String) - The host header to be used to pull content from the origin. "Dynamic" refers to using the requested domain name (Host: %client.request.host%) as the host header.
- `pull_protocol` (String) - The type of protocol used to pull content from the origin. Must be one of ["HTTP", "HTTPS", "MATCH"]. "MATCH" is equivalent to "HTTP or HTTPS".
- `scope_configuration_id` (String) - The ID of the scope of the site that the origins are connected to.
- `ssl_validation_enabled` (String) - Specifies if SSL validation for the origins is enabled.
- `stack_id` (String) - The ID of the stack that a site belongs to.
- `websockets_enabled` (String) - Specifies if web socket connections to the origin server are enabled.

<a id="nestedobjatt--origin_settings--backup_origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_settings.backup_origin`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) - The address of the primary origin that the CDN uses to pull content from. Can be a valid IPv4 address or a valid domain name. It may include a specific port and a precise path as well (e.g. 199.250.204.212:80/test). Port must be one of [80, 8080, 443, 1935, 9091].
- `auth_method` (String) - Specifies the authentication method that the origin uses. Must be one of ["NONE", "BASIC"].
- `common_certificate_name` (String) - Common name to validate SSL origin requests against.
- `id` (String) - A backup origin's unique identifier.
- `password` (String) - Password to use when authenticating with the backup origin.
- `username` (String) - Username to use when authenticating with the backup origin.


<a id="nestedobjatt--origin_settings--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_settings.origin`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) - The address of the primary origin that the CDN uses to pull content from. Can be a valid IPv4 address or a valid domain name. It may include a specific port and a precise path as well (e.g. 199.250.204.212:80/test). Port must be one of [80, 8080, 443, 1935, 9091].
- `auth_method` (String) - Specifies the authentication method that the origin uses. Must be one of ["NONE", "BASIC"].
- `common_certificate_name` (String) - Common name to validate SSL origin requests against.
- `id` (String) - A origin's unique identifier.
- `password` (String) - Password to use when authenticating with the origin.
- `username` (String) - Username to use when authenticating with the origin.



