---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "coxedge_site Resource - terraform-provider-coxedge"
subcategory: ""
description: Create and manage your CDN, WAF, and/or Serverless Scripting Delivery sites.
  
---

# coxedge_site (Resource)
Create and manage your CDN, WAF, and/or Serverless Scripting Delivery sites.

Example Usage
---
```
terraform {
  required_providers {
    coxedge = {
      version = "0.1"
      source  = "coxedge.com/cox/coxedge"
    }
  }
}

provider "coxedge" {
  key = ["INSERT API KEY"]
}

resource "coxedge_site" "testing" {
  organization_id  = "organization_id"
  environment_name = "name-of-the-environment"
  domain           = "www.coxedge.com"
  hostname         = "199.250.204.212"
  services         = [
    "CDN",
    "SERVERLESS_EDGE_ENGINE",
    "WAF"
  ]
  protocol = "HTTPS"
  #  for enabling or disabling CDN, WAF or Serverless Scripting, we need to use "operation" argument
  #  "operation" argument values are - enable_cdn, disable_cdn, enable_waf, disable_waf, enable_scripts, disable_scripts
  #  operation = "enable_scripts"
  
  timeouts {
    create = "20m"
  }
}

output "site_id" {
  value = coxedge_site.testing.id
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Argument Reference
The following arguments are supported:

### Required

- `domain` (String) - The domain of the site.
- `environment_name` (String) - Name of the environment belonging to the organization.
- `hostname` (String) - The hostname to that will be used to get the information from. The hostname can be an IP or a name. It may include a specific port and a precise path as well (e.g. 199.250.204.212:80/test).
- `organization_id` (String) - The id of the organization.
- `protocol` (String) - Protocol for the network policy rule. Supported protocols are: TCP, UDP and TCP_UDP.
- `services` (List of String) - Services list that will be used on the site. Possibles values are CDN,SERVERLESS_EDGE_ENGINE or WAF.

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) - The authentication method to communicate with the hostname. Possibles values are NONE or BASIC. If not provided, it will default to NONE unless the username or password is provided. It would then default to BASIC.
- `password` (String) - The password for the basic authentication. Required if authMethod is BASIC or if the password id provided.
- `username` (String) - The username for the basic authentication. Required if authMethod is BASIC or if the password id provided.
- `timeouts` (Block List, Min: 1) - Can pass custom timeout while create. Example: create = "20m"

### Read-Only

- `anycast_ip` (String) - The Anycast IP address that domains should be pointed to.
- `delivery_domains` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delivery_domains)) - List of delivery domains of the site.
- `edge_address` (String) - The edge address of the site.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `stack_id` (String) - The ID of the stack that a site belongs to.
- `status` (String) - The status of the site. It can either be ACTIVE, PENDING, or PROVISIONING.

<a id="nestedatt--delivery_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delivery_domains`

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) - The domain of the site.
- `validated_at` (String) - The date the domain was validated to be pointing to Cox.


